# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?
# in the console.rb file

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?
# in the property.rb in the model folder

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?
# in line 30

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
# as the id is a unique thing and it code generates it to prevent any dublications

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?
# the save function in the property.rb file, when returning a row you take the id of it and assign it to the ruby Property object

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?
# to prevent assigning nil to id which must has a value

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?
# the class methods are for general actions like delete_all or find which should check every created instance inside the class

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
# this data structure return an array, if we want to access the id we should add first [0] to access the element inside the array and then [id] to access the id

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
# to run an SQL code inside a ruby file

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?
# the arguments are the id number (int) and address (string) to be searched for

Q11. What are their return values?
#the return value for the id number is a hash , and the second is an array
